Improve SC docs (#438)
aeternity/protocol: channels/ON-CHAIN.md

want to post them at all. Thus the accumulative balances of the accounts in the
slash transaction can be lower than the channel balance persisted on-chain.

> The payload must be an authenticated by both off-chain state transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The payload must be an off-chain state transaction authenticated by both peers.
```

Reviewer: This is more or less repeated just below, might be up for removal 🤔

Author: Removed

#### Off-chain transaction payload

> The payload is a transaction and it MUST be a `channel_offchain_tx` one. It

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The payload is a transaction and it MUST be a `channel_offchain_tx`. It
```

MUST be authenticated by both peers.

Payload is a valid transaction that has:

* `state_hash` equal to the proof of inclusion's root hash. This is a proof
  that the PoI is correct
* `channel_id` being the same as the transaction `channel_id`
* `round` greater than the last on-chain provided co-authenticated channel

>   state. If the latest on-chain rounds were produced by a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  state. If the latest on-chain round(s) were produced by
```

>   `channel_force_progress_tx` transactions that were based on an older channel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `channel_force_progress_tx` transaction(s) that were based on an older channel
```
```suggestion
  `channel_force_progress_tx` transactions that were based on an older channel
```
